Updates frontend to support multiple pnl reports and pagination (#3802)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

* :feature:`3725` Users can now see if any of their addresses have SDL available to claim from the SDL airdrop.
* :feature:`3549` Users will now be able to select whether to include or not NFT total value in total net worth and graphs.
* :feature:`3712` Users will now be able to choose a custom date format while importing CSV files.

> * :bug:`3641` Users should now be able to access big profit and loss report without errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :bug:`3641` Users should now be able to view profit and loss reports that have many thousands of events without the UI freezing.
```
